[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor from Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Richard Doty,
a retired
counterintelligence agent
who served in the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> So, we're going to be
talking about what are
the extraterrestrial alliances
and factions here on Earth?
>> Well, I know that in 1947
there was a crash in Roswell,
and we recovered a live
extraterrestrial being.
He was named EBE1.
And he was in our
custody from 1947 to 1952
when he passed away.
During that time
period, he gave us
a vast amount of
information about his planet
and about our planet
as they see it.
And one of the
goals that he had,
and one of the
motivating factors
he had to communicate with
us, is he wanted to go back.
He wanted to try to repair
his craft and go back.
And that set off a number of
projects within the government
back in those days.
And, obviously, I wasn't there.
But I've read about it.
There's volumes and
volumes of documents--
of projects that involved
the communications
between the EBE1,
and his planet.
And when he died in
1952, he provided us
with enough information
to be able to contact,
through a communications process
that was highly classified,
with his home planet
in Zeta Reticuli.
And over the years, we
were able to communicate.
Over the years, we were able to
make contact with that planet.
And they came in 1964, the
Holloman Air Force Base
landing, and they retrieved the
bodies of his fallen comrades
and of EBE1.
So we were able to
establish contact back
in the '50s and early '60s.
And we continued that on over
a period of right up until now,
I'm sure, and I'm
sure that Tim can
piggyback on that information.
>> Was there an EBE2?
>> Yes, there was an EBE2.
When EBE1 died, when the
aircraft landed at Holloman,
there was an agreement
that an EBE2 or an--
>> Exchange?
>> Yeah, an ambassador,
so to speak,
would come to replace EBE1,
and we would then provide some
astronauts to go back.
Now, the conjecture
is that did we
provide a 12-man team,
this Project Serpo?
We don't know about that.
Or whether it was
just three people?
And I think, now, the
consensus is there was probably
just three astronauts
that were sent back
to the planet in the
Zeta Reticuli star group.
>> Do you know how many of those
Ebens are actively on Earth?
Because I think that
there are different
Ebens still working with
different governments.
Do you know the actual number?
>> As of the '90s, I
knew of two, EBE2--
I knew an EBE3.
But-- and one--
I believe EBE3 was the female.
But I don't know
any more than that.
There probably are more.
But I don't know of any more.
- Rick, you refer to
them as EBE1 and EBE2,
but how do they actually
refer to themselves?
>> Well, they speak
in a language that--
it's very difficult
for us to understand,
but there is a
designation they claim.
It's just a guttural
sound that our scientists
and our translators
and linguists
have translated over the years.
And, actually, we were able
to copy their language.
And some of us, some
of the linguists,
were able to actually
speak that language by--
>> They could reproduce
that actual sound?
>> They could produce
the guttural sounds.
And I can't make those sounds.
I would probably
embarrass myself
and everyone else if
I made that sound.
But I heard the sound.
I heard these different sounds.
They sound very unique.
But, over the years, somehow--
and maybe Tim can
explain to us how
the Ebens were able to
communicate in English to us
because they learned it.
It didn't take long for EBE1--
because he was very
intelligent-- to learn English.
Our scientists, our doctors,
had to implant something
in his throat, and I
don't know exactly what
it was to enable him to make
the sounds that he would
have to make to speak English.
But I understand EBE3--
when she came here, she was
speaking almost fluent English.
And I'd be interested to know
if you know how they learned it,
or what your
analysis of that is.
>> So the Ebens as a
biological life form,
they do have this language
Rick told us about.
And, as far as I'm aware, I
think they gave them books
in order to prepare them
for the English language
and other languages as well.
Yeah.
>> That's right.
>> And the Greys--
I don't know where
they picked that up,
but they have really
deep knowledge
about German and pretty much
every other language as well.
And they have this factor
that all their consciousness
units, which are basically
artificial life forms, they
are connected to an
artificial information system
where someone else is operating
and giving information.
Maybe you can imagine as kind
of a download or something.
And they then can speak--
well, in their artificial bod--
puppet bodies, they are
not speaking German.
But they have this technology
in where they appear as humans.
And they then can use the
downloaded information
in order to speak German.
>> One of the things that EBE1
gave us was the "Yellow Book."
It was a gift to us.
And it's a history
of the universe.
And the ironic part
of this is, if you
look at this "Yellow
Book," regardless
of what your
nationality is, you're
going to be able to
read this or hear it
in your native language.
Now, that's German, Russian--
I think-- I'm pretty sure
that the United States
government tested this on a
lot of different languages,
and you can actually
look and hear this.
Now, when we ask EBE1, how
can you-- how can this exist?
EBE1 said-- explained
to us that it
is so far advanced in
technology that he couldn't even
possibly begin to explain
how the "Yellow Book" worked.
And so they had some sort
of linguistic ability.
>> Right.
>> Now, I know they visited
Earth for a long time.
They were able to somehow
tap into every one of Earth's
languages.
And I would be
fascinated to hear
what you thought about that.
>> Yeah.
So the Greys have the
same-- and I'm aware
of a technology that
uses the consciousness
field of source in order
to re-translate everything.
So, if one point of source
has this language evolved
to something, they use that
technology and you see and hear
someone speak in your
own language, which
is a direct translation
from the consciousness
of another person.
The interesting thing
is that, for example,
someone speaking Russian--
he, for himself, he is
aware of speaking Russian
and the acoustic signal that
is going out of his mouth
is Russian, but when using
that technology, what comes
to me as a recipient
of that language,
it is acoustically
and physically German,
and I hear that in German.
>> That's fascinating.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah.
>> That is truly amazing.
>> Well, one of the things
I wanted to discuss is,
because of the communications
that we established with
EBE's planet and the
Zeta Reticuli star group,
and then we received
the ambassador EBE2--
EBE2 allowed us to project
ourselves to other planets.
EBE2 told us about a
number of planets that had
visited Earth in the past and--
because they were space
explorers, the Ebens.
And he facilitated connections
between our planet--
and this is back in
the '60s and '70s--
with these other ETs.
And he made sure--
one of the things that
was very interesting--
he reiterated that
he was only going
to do this with the conditions
that we were not hostile to any
of these planets.
They were different than
us, biologically different.
The technology was different.
But-- so he was able to
facilitate connections
with other planets.
>> Do you know how many?
>> I don't know how many.
I-- the information that
I was briefed into just
stated that he was able to
facilitate other planets,
other civilization,
ET civilizations.
I was going to ask Tim
that same question.
Do you know how many that
we've connected with?
>> Yeah.
I mean, the number now
is in the thousands.
And it comes to the definition
of what a life form is.
Because at some
point we realized
that in different realities,
in different versions,
in different
dimensions, life forms
exist that are
totally disconnected
from every definition of
a biological 3D life form
that we are aware of here.
So it's close to--
possibly, it's close to
infinity, how many species
and how many lifeforms
are out there.
>> How do the extraterrestrials
choose what governments or what
individuals that they
want to make contact with;
to speak with?
>> There is a concept that is
called cosmic correlationism,
which means that something
that you know as something
you're used to is some--
determines the way
you approach someone.
>> Right.
>> So if there's a species that
has a very high authoritarian
government system, they are
used to contact leaders;
while if a species is pretty
much connected to heart,
warmth, or feelings
and frequencies,
and they will connect to
whatever individuals they are
and not--
unimportant of how
their education
or position on whatever is.
Oh, and one thing I
wanted to ask Rick,
are you aware of
species or humans
living inside of planet Earth?
Is there something--
because I've
heard they were digging
holes, and they made contact
to people inside of the pockets
of Earth, the Agarthan network,
people inside of inner Earth?
>> Subterranean-- I know of a
couple incidents where US Navy
submarines had encountered
strange looking entities
swimming in the water in a
number of different locations
around Earth.
And there was a consensus--
and this was in the--
this happened from the '60s on.
There's a former Navy
submarine commander
who talked about this
at a UFO convention.
He gave a very,
very great lecture
on what he experienced
during his--
I think, 20 year or
whatever it was--
submarine experience as
commander of a submarine.
And this was back in
the '70s and '80s,
and I believe even into the
'90s, where they observed
things coming out of the Earth.
I don't know how deep they were.
I don't think he ever
mentioned how deep.
But they were at-- in
one particular instance--
and this was off Newfoundland.
And the sonar
identified something
at the bottom, something big.
And so they went through
their battle stations.
And because they didn't
know what it was-- they
thought it might have
been a-- this is back
when the Soviets had submarines
penetrating US coastlines.
And they see this
entity, ET entity,
with a big, huge head,
almost like a praying mantis,
but 25 to 30 feet
long, coming out.
Now, their first
impression was, this
is some kind of an
octopus or some--
>> Right.
>> --sea creature that
we don't know about.
But as it got closer to the
submarine, it had a face.
And it went-- and he
said-- not at the time,
but later on, he figured
that this thing came up
to the portals.
And he considered them
trying to communicate.
He didn't-- they didn't
think about it at the time.
But later on he said,
wow, this entity was
trying to communicate with us.
>> So it was intelligent?
>> It was intelligent.
And it swam around,
and then it went back
in to the Earth's crust,
the bottom of the ocean.
And there's other-- the
Thresher that-- there
was an incident, the Thresher
in 1964 that disappeared.
>> We lost it.
>> Yeah, we lost it off
the North Carolina coast.
There was so much sonar
activity occurring before then,
that now that he mentions--
and I'm not saying this,
but this Admiral mentioned--
that he feels that
it was-- it had
been attacked by something that
came out of the Earth's crust.
Now that's the only
information I have about it.
I don't know anything
factual that I've read
or somebody told me about
during my time in that we
had subterranean beings.
>> That's all I know.
>> I have definitely been
debriefed oh this on many
occasions.
And we definitely
have huge pockets
in the Earth that
has lots of life,
bioluminescent, even
the atmos-- there's
an atmosphere in these areas,
and they're very, very large.
And some of them do
have beings in them.
And sometimes they do emerge
through either these portals
in the Marianas Trench,
or into these aquifers,
or through special cave
systems to the surface.
But it's very rare
because they don't
want to contaminate
their atmospheric--
>> Oh, yeah.
>> --area, so they try to stay
away from being on the surface
of the planet.
We also have special
drills that are very long
and look like giant Anaconda
snakes, but in 3 feet
in diameter that actually
melt through the crust.
And they have cameras on
them, and we have perforated
many of these large areas.
There's a multitude
of these areas with--
teeming with life.
>> Hmm.
>> And it melts through the
rock and into these areas,
and little probes are sent out
to look around and bring back
information.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, considering only
about 20% of the ocean has been
explored.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> And one of the things that I
knew about was some things that
happened in the South Indian
Ocean, southwest of Australia.
There's a lot of anomalies
that are occurring down there.
There's virtually no ship
trafficking down there.
And the only traffic is a boat
that might service some really
remote islands.
Kerguelen Island is one of them.
Heard Island is another.
And, so, there are
scientists that
feel that if there were going
to be subterranean beings,
they would be in that
area because nobody
explores it, number one.
There's no ship
traffic down there.
It's close to Antarctica.
And so they feel that-- and
all these anomalies that have
occurred down there--
the few ships that do
travel through their sea,
a number of UFOs flying,
UAPs flying in that area,
and a lot of
underwater phenomena,
of one particular ship
that serviced the Kerguelen
Islands claimed it had been
tracked by this huge submarine,
but there wasn't any
submarine in that area.
There would be no reason to.
Eventually, a US Navy
submarine, 24 hours later,
went down there and
tracked something
that went towards
Antarctica, but then lost it.
So if there's life in the ocean,
I think there's scientists--
and I actually
think that it would
be down in that area
where nobody's looking.
>> So I'm fascinated by that
because I've never been to any
inside pocket of the Earth.
But communicating
with Being Six,
they spoke about the alleged
story that at some point
there had been some big
cataclysmic moment on Earth
where some of the ancient
people decided to go underground
and to continue
their life there.
And it might be
the reason why we
find so many species on this
planet that suddenly disappear.
For example, in
South America, we
have buildings and structures
for millions and millions
of people, and they have never,
ever discovered anybody--
>> No one.
>> --no skeleton at all.
They just, poof--
>> Gone.
>> --gone.
And that was one of the stories
that this Being Six told me
about the history of Earth.
So I'm really interested in
learning what's inside of it.
And also, allegedly, those
alliances, or those people,
those parties, are in
contact with governments.
At some point they became
aware that there are humans
inside of Earth, populations.
And they seem to be in
contact about what's
going on with Earth
in the future as well.
>> Can you name some more
of these extraterrestrial
alliances?
And how are they influencing us?
>> I will summarize that we
have two types of species,
or beings, entities, whatever
you want to call them,
that interact with humanity in
a direct or even a less direct
way.
You have, one, more
evolved beings,
which means they are
higher in their frequency.
They have a different take.
They might have come through a
three-dimensional experience,
but now they ascended from
that, and they are reaching back
in some way or another.
The second thing is that
we have 3D species outside
of this planet who have,
in some way or another,
an interest in either
protecting, or observing
humanity, or sometimes
using advantages over them.
>> Do we know which species
are there to help planet Earth
and humankind?
And those who maybe
don't want to help?
Do you know which species--
>> So if I put it in pictures,
I would say that the amount
of beings that are benevolent
in some way or another are like
pieces, like sand on beaches.
You have an enormous amount
of beings and definitions
of entities or
something that are
benevolent to the
process on Earth,
like billions and
billions and billions.
The amount of 3D
body species that
might be invasively
intermingling with the history
of Earth and the system--
that is a fairly quite
small number, I guess.
We're talking maybe
about some 100 species.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, Rick, there's got to
be some sort of documentation
you've read of an agenda of
if there were an alliance
to happen, or the meeting that
did happen, in White Sands.
Well, how'd that turn out?
Did you get any
documentation if there
was going to be a
positive alliance with any
of those species?
>> There was actually-- there
was obviously a very close
alliance with the Ebens because
of the fact that they were very
impressed with the way we
treated the injured one
in the crash.
We didn't harm him.
We guarded the bodies of the
other one-- of his comrades.
And we were able to
effectively communicate
using what EBE1 told us
and direct them to come
back and recover the bodies.
So they were very
impressed with us.
And that's why
they offered, then,
an agreement to exchange
ambassadors, so to speak.
>> Right.
>> So we sent--
and it's still uncertain
whether we sent three or 12.
But we sent some people back--
>> Sure.
>> --some astronauts back.
And then they left EBE2
and then eventually EBE3.
And, as I understand,
they've had others,
but I don't know that.
I mean, as far as my
actions and my knowledge
within the government,
I don't know that.
Outside I've heard a lot
of chatter about that there
are others that have came here.
One particular meeting
occurred sometime in 2010
on Johnston Island, which is
a very remote island, where
the Vatican came and witnessed
the landing and exchange.
And these were Ebens
that I know of.
And there may have been
other ambassadors are coming.
I don't know.
But I only know about the Ebens.
And they have, as I understand,
a very good relationship
with our government.
And I'm sure other
governments too,
but I only know
about our government.
One of the things that President
Reagan was briefed on back
in the '80s was about the
effective relationship
that we had with this
ET force or ET race.
And what he wanted to--
form some kind of a treaty--
is for them to assist
us in protecting Earth
from the hostile ETs.
And we knew at that time that
there was one particular race
of ETs that was hostile,
that their agenda on Earth
was more or less for
their own well-being
rather than the
Earth's well-being.
Now, a lot of people will argue
that that doesn't necessarily
mean they're hostile.
They just have their
own agenda that they
want to satisfy on Earth,
and it's not necessarily
going to harm the humans.
But one of their agendas that
we found out was abductions.
And we were hand-tied.
I mean, I have worked
those things and--
>> Mm-hmm.
Right.
>> And these things-- these ETs
would come in, and we had no
control.
We couldn't protect our people.
And one of the things that
Reagan wanted to do was--
he wanted to form alliances with
the friends, the friendly ones.
And he wanted to help protect
Earth from the hostile.
>> Do you know what species
that hostile one is?
>> That was the
Reptilians, the Reptilians.
Those are the ones that are
responsible for at least,
in the '80s, abductions,
and harmful activities,
and hostile acts against our
military ships, sunk a ship,
shot down some planes.
>> How many incidences in total?
>> Oh, gosh.
I know of many.
I don't know the exact
number, probably more than 10,
as far as hostile acts against--
>> Abductions?
>> --the government.
Now, as far as the abductions,
I don't know the exact number,
but I would say probably
thousands of abductions.
>> Just a moment ago, you
mentioned Johnston island.
What exactly happened there?
>> Johnston is located west
of the Hawaiian Islands.
It was used as a chemical
storage location for the United
States when we had a large
stockpile of chemical weapons.
It was also a location where we
disposed of chemical weapons.
It's a very small island.
It has an active runway.
It's very remote.
And we had facilities there that
tracked Soviet satellites back
in those days, and I'm
sure we had the same.
One of the things
that was ironic
was the Vatican was notified of
this exchange of ambassadors.
When I was working at
this private laboratory,
we were briefed into this.
We were provided
information about it.
And we had a particular
interest or object
that the government wanted--
objective that the
government wanted
to do to facilitate
this exchange.
And we did this.
Although I wasn't there,
some other people were there.
And somehow the
Vatican ambassador
was notified of
this, and they wanted
to send a representative
to the island to meet,
and they did that.
Now, the real reason the
Vatican did this was, I believe,
that they wanted to establish
some sort of contact
with the ET race.
I don't have any other
knowledge of that other
than what I'm telling you now.
>> So, Rick, what would you say
how important is the Vatican
in this fractions and alliance
system that we're talking
about?
>> Well, I-- we employed
some representatives,
former representatives of the
Vatican of the Catholic Church,
a monk and and a former priest.
The Vatican wanted to make
sure that any representation
that we had with some ET
race outside this planet,
that they were connected to it.
And they wanted to
make sure that there
was some kind of full
cooperation and non-hostile
actions by our government.
And one of the really
important things
that the Vatican wanted to
bring forth to our government--
because we were a
government entity.
We had a defense budget.
We were-- the Vatican sometimes
looked at the United States
as being hostile itself.
So they wanted to make
sure that we were not
going to act hostile towards
this particular entity
that they were going to meet.
And I believe that was one.
And some of this
is what I've read.
And some of it is
my own opinion,
as far as I think the
Vatican wanted just
to mediate the meeting.
>> Interesting.
Thank you.
>> Rick, did our
ambassadors return?
And what did we learn?
>> Well, that's a heck of
a story that's been going
on since 2005 and
2006, the Serpo story.
You know, I was accused
of bringing this forth.
It was somebody else
that-- they've since
come forth and admitted to it.
I don't think we really know.
We know that some
of them came back.
Now, whether there
were 12 that went
or whether there
were only three--
I mean, I know the evidence that
Linda Moulton Howe presents is
there's only three that went.
I know the evidence
that Victor Martinez
and some of these other
people within the government--
that Joseph Yeager,
who was intimately
involved in this program,
spoke out at the UFO convention
saying, I can tell
you the exact number,
and I know what happened.
He tells a whole story.
Bill Ryan tells
his story, others--
So if you piecemeal
all this together,
especially coming from Joseph
Yeager, who was DIA, I mean--
>> Yep.
>> --you know, that guy
is a proven DIA official.
There was some people-- and I
would just say some that went
to the planet Serpo and lived
there for a number of years,
10 to 15, came back to Earth
and provided a whirlwind,
a plethora of information
about the planet, photographs,
stories, plants, even
some animals that--
and so we did learn something.
Where that information is
right now, it's hidden in DIA.
Why they won't even admit that
this has happened-- of course,
when Yeager spoke, DIA totally
discredited him saying,
no, it never happened.
Although he had other people,
including the one survivor who
actually was able to
speak on a video feed--
he was dying, actually.
One of the problems
that happened--
>> Radiation?
>> --to the-- yeah,
the crew that went,
was a high level of radiation
that occurred on planet Serpo
because it was a binary
planet, two suns.
They were getting-- it
was almost 24 hour a day--
I think it was like--
well, they didn't--
it wasn't our 24 hours.
It was like 34
hours there a day.
And they got 30
hours of the sun,
and the radiation affected
every one of them,
the number of ones that
went and came back.
Some supposedly stayed
according to the DIA.
>> Three of them, I heard,
volunteered to stay.
>> Yeah.
They volunteered to
stay on the planet.
And we-- I don't know what
their outcome is as of today.
But that's the story.
>> Tim, where do you see
the future going with these
alliances?
>> So, I think that at the
present time a lot of patterns
have not been solved.
Earth people are
experiencing a very
distorted and
non-efficient system
that is ruling over the Earth
in a very non-homogeneous way.
And I feel like things will be
more effective in the future.
Also, the awareness that we
are all connected, and having
those other alliances,
and other beings
that are helpful and reach back
to us and spread information,
are giving even hands-on
advice or something.
That is very assuring
and very positive.
And also needs--
because we were talking
about systematic
alliances on Earth,
and there are-- we also need
to take into consideration
that everyone, every single one
on Earth and in the universe,
has their own mission
and responsibility
to commit themselves to
the benevolent exploration
of the universe, and
that's happening.
There are lots and lots of
individual very ascended
characters, beings,
fractions, federations.
They all are
reaching to everyone
and giving their hands,
and I feel that it's
a beautiful message from them.
>> It is very beautiful, and I'm
looking forward to the future.
>> Yes.
>> Well, gentlemen, thank you
so much for being on the show.
>> Thank you.
It's a pleasure.
>> Thank you, Emery,
it's been my pleasure.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next, on "Cosmic
Disclosure"--
- The more levels
of the universe
you put into your language
and into your communication,
the more powerful
the language becomes.
But at some point, someone or
something made people on Earth
use a modified version
of their own language.
The installation and the
modification of languages
has never, ever been
so weak, like it's now.
Because people do not
mean what they speak.
They just put out words.
[MUSIC PLAYING]